---
layout: post
title: "Security 101"
categories: Security
nav_order: 4
has_children: true
---

{: .text-center }
# Security 101



{: .text-center }
## <span style="color: orange; font-weight: bold;">Security 101 </span>

###### Posted ***January 5, 2026***

## Foreword

For me, Security is a lifestyle as much as it is an abitrary concept that the IT person is talking about. 

It begs the question - What should someone know before they start?

We see this quite often in onboarding/offboarding for jobs. Regardless if this is your first job in high school serving food and administering the cash register or if you are new security personnel at a large company. 

- The point being made here is that the size or reputation or importance of the thing (such as a large well-known company) does not dictate quality.

- In fact, most of the time we have pre-baked expectations of a large well-known company based on what we have learned throughout life. We would expect a large company to have top of the line security and funding and a small company to have poor security and terrible funding. Just based on the way the world goes. 

# Cybersecurity 101

Security should not be thought about soley in the context of defending companies. As I previously stated, it's a lifestyle. 

You should desire a safe and sound place of existing naturally.. This is why loud noises, bright warnings, stop signs all demand attention in our lives. Imagine if we had NO stop signs, no phishing emails telling us our storage was depleted or scammers on the phone asking about medicare coverage. 

